High level requirements 

1. 	After the user downloads the app they will be prompted to enter their account credentials or create a new account. 
	This way the user can change devices they are training on and keep their progress.

2.	On the first time opening the app, users will be prompted to go through a tutorial. 
	However, if the users choose to skip it, the tutorial will be available in the settings.

3.	On the Homepage of the app the user must be able to select which lesson category they would like to work through. 
	For example they could choose from data type lessons, control structure lessons, etc. 

4.	After selecting a lesson set on the Homepage of the app, the user will be taken to the related set of lessons. 
	For example if you select data type lessons you will then see a lesson called working with strings, a lesson called working with lists, etc. 

5.	There will be a progression bar indicating how many lessons have been completed in the current section, 
	once a certain amount of lessons are completed, a new section will be unlocked.

6.	Users should encounter questions that are part of a lesson that allow them to write and 
	execute their program, and check the program's output for correctness.

7.	Each lesson must have a quiz to go alone with it. The quiz must be tailored towards the user 
	so they can work on the areas they are struggling with.

8.	On the Homepage of the app the user must be able to click a settings button and choose what theme they would like. 
	They can also choose to display and hide certain buttons on the lesson page. Credits will also be available to view in the settings. 
	Users can change font size as well.

9.	User’s progress will be saved through their account. They can link their account to the app to sync their progress on multiple devices. 

10.	After completing certain lessons, users will be able to use the practice function. By clicking the icon on the homepage, 
	they will be able to use a compiler to do programming. There will be a switch to turn on help mode, which will display explanations 
	for keywords when the user taps on them.

11.	A lessons API will be created to support the app. The app will make a call to the API everytime it is opened to determine if there 
	are any additional lessons that need to be downloaded before the user begins training. 

